Improve each template literal infer (#14920)
jestjs/jest: docs/GlobalAPI.md

#### Template literal

> If all values are of the same type, the template literal API will type the arguments correctly:

Reviewer: The idea here was to start with a simple and correctly working example.

I find it strange showing how something does not work. If a feature does not work, why it is shipped? Just remove it.

It is just an option, but I think documentation should show how to use a library instead of focussing on what does not work.

Reviewer: Also your change makes this feature work better. Why to say something does not work? Hey, look! This works like a charm. Use it!

Author: I'm not sure what part you're referring to but I simplified it!

If case you were talking about the last part ([2nd commit](https://github.com/jestjs/jest/pull/14920/commits/f4f8533c58fff281f4671acb3d537dba85f278db)), I chose to leave it here, but more as a pitfall. wdyt?

  ${1} | ${2} | ${3}
  ${3} | ${4} | ${7}
  ${5} | ${6} | ${11}
`('template literal example same type', ({a, b, expected}) => {
  // all arguments are of type `number` because all inputs (a, b, expected) are of type `number`
});
```

> If the inputs have different types, the arguments will be typed as a union of all the input types (ie type of the variables inside the template literal):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the inputs have different types, the arguments will be typed as a union of all the input types (i.e. type of the variables inside the template literal):
```

  // all arguments are typed as expected, e.g. `extra: boolean | undefined`
});
```

Keep in mind the variables inside the template literal are not type checked, so you have to ensure that their types are correct.

```ts
import {test} from '@jest/globals';

test.each<{a: number; expected: string}>`
  a                            | expected
  ${1}                         | ${'one'}
  ${2}                         | ${'two'}
  ${'will not raise TS error'} | ${'three'}
`('template literal with wrongly typed input', ({a, expected}) => {
  // all arguments are typed as stated in the generic: `a: number`, `expected: string`
  // WARNING: `a` is of type `number` but will be a string the the 3rd test case.
});

> ```

Author: This behaviour is not related to this PR, but since I'm editing the docs, I tried to clarify it 🙂

> ```

Author: This behaviour is not related to this PR, but since I'm editing the docs, I tried to clarify it 🙂
